feat: Add optional predicate func to baggage span processor (#2212)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib: packages/baggage-span-processor/README.md

sdk.start();
```

> A predicate function that determines what baggage entries are copied can be provided as a constructor paramter.

Author: ```suggestion
A predicate function that determines what baggage entries are copied can be provided as a constructor parameter.
```

> A predicate function that determines what baggage entries are copied can be provided as a constructor parameter.

Reviewer: In other READMEs in this repo, we usually have a "Component Options" section which explains each options. something like:

```
### Baggage SpanProcessor Options
```

And then describe the option/s one by one, possibly in a markdown table (but maybe overkill for one option).

> A predicate function that determines what baggage entries are copied can be provided as a constructor parameter.

Reviewer: Suggestion for alternative description:

```suggestion
### `keyFilter` Option // or any other name

A predicate function that determines what baggage entries keys are recorded as span attributes.
The default behavior is to add all baggage keys as span attributes. // or other default behavior if changed
```
